feat(sdk-verification)!: Implementing DIF Presentation exchange protocol 2.0 for SDK to SDK OOB verification (#196)
input-output-hk/atala-prism-wallet-sdk-ts: docs/sdk/README.md

npm run build
```

### Running the sample applications

> We have enabled sample implementations for browser (react or nextjs) and nodejs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have enabled sample implementations for browsers (React or Next.js) and Node.js.
```

> In order to run each demo, make sure the whole SDK is built from source, then cd into the demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run each demo, ensure the whole SDK builds from the source, then cd into the demo.
```
